12/03/20 -  From tomorrow, if you have coronavirus symptoms, however mild – either a new continuous cough or a high temperature – then you should stay at home for at least 7 days to protect others and help slow the spread of the disease.
We advise all those over 70 and those with serious medical conditions against going on cruises and we advise against international school trips.

16/03/20 - Start daily press conferences
So, first, we need to ask you to ensure that if you or anyone in your household has one of those two symptoms [new, persistent cough or fever], then you should stay at home for fourteen days.
So, second, now is the time for everyone to stop non-essential contact with others and to stop all unnecessary travel.
We need people to start working from home where they possibly can. And you should avoid pubs, clubs, theatres and other such social venues.

18/02/02 - So I can announce today and Gavin Williamson making statement now in House of Commons that after schools shut their gates from Friday afternoon, they will remain closed for most pupils – for the vast majority of pupils- until further notice.

20/03/20 - We are collectively telling, telling cafes, pubs, bars, restaurants to close tonight as soon as they reasonably can, and not to open tomorrow.
Though to be clear, they can continue to provide take-out services.
We’re also telling nightclubs, theatres, cinemas, gyms and leisure centres to close on the same timescale.

23/03/20 - From this evening I must give the British people a very simple instruction - you must stay at home.
Because the critical thing we must do is stop the disease spreading between households.
That is why people will only be allowed to leave their home for the following very limited purposes:
    * shopping for basic necessities, as infrequently as possible
    * one form of exercise a day - for example a run, walk, or cycle - alone or with members of your household;
    * any medical need, to provide care or to help a vulnerable person; and
    * travelling to and from work, but only where this is absolutely necessary and cannot be done from home.
